Mithril update 2024-11-20 (#507)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-11-20-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-11-20-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team released a new version of the [Protocol Insights dashboard](https://lookerstudio.google.com/s/mbL23-8gibI). They also completed the implementation of the new status route in the aggregator and the explorer has been upgraded to display its information. Additionally, the team completed the refactoring of the beacon used to snapshot Cardano database, and they started working on the activation of the Pythagoras Mithril era on the `pre-release-preview` network.
> 
> Finally, they worked on the removal of the legacy store adapters in the signer and aggregator, and they explored solutions for signer registration when multiple aggregators are running on a Mithril network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team released a new version of the [Protocol Insights dashboard](https://lookerstudio.google.com/s/mbL23-8gibI). They also completed implementing the new status route in the aggregator and upgraded the explorer to display its information. Additionally, the team completed the refactoring of the beacon used to snapshot the Cardano database and started working on the activation of the Pythagoras Mithril era on the `pre-release-preview` network.

Finally, they worked on removing the legacy store adapters in the signer and aggregator and explored solutions for signer registration when multiple aggregators are running on a Mithril network.
```
